hi everybody and today i will teach you to build
decor and furniture and and your home micro so
let's start the car start steps and
demigods so
first build the steps like this
then top semi-blocks
Here we have this regiment again
show here is incomprehensible way
beyond help here
the next is a shelf with a door
so side
same back oh such a thing
but sharper
here
next decor niki next furniture
it is a fireplace and
and the music is two in one shorter for that
cap one block we put hell blog
as the theme
like this
so here we do
John
above will become
miner
put
here
This type of stone
and trashcan too
now let's sing
This door is not necessary just open
on the mountain
all next decor next furniture is
sofa
long sevan
nomadic
good
so type knead
the next one is soon here
plants
so we put the plants
Type 10 tee divi then
is coming
nameplates
from all sides and click
no no no
set equal
from here too
shorter on all sides exactly
set
nameplate
set equal
Well, I would not advise you to put this choir
corner
to
Only on both sides to put signs on
the other two sides will cover the walls
here is such a decor
good decor principle
here
I finished
subscribe put likes to all bye